https://codepen.io/timfx/pen/NWbEbVJ?editors=1100

    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML are tags that are use that instantly provide the user with the use/meaning.
        For example, the tag <section> would be used for a section.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML (Hyper Text Markup Language) is used to display information to the user in a viusal/graphical form.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes are addons to HTML elements. They are located within HTML tags to supply more data to the element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used to indicate the main heading of a web page. It should only be used once
        per page as it is supposed to be the "most important."
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        The img tag and the anchor tag are bothe tags that have required attributes. As you must provide 
        either a link (internal or external) or an image or the use of both tags is redundant.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Our head tag includes our webpage Title (<title>), meta (<meta>), links (<link>;give access to stylesheets),
        and scipts (<script>;gives access to JS).
    7. What is an id? 
        An id is an attribute that stands for identifier which must be unique when used.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        You can be added to multiple HTML elements such as div, section, h1, p, etc.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        You can only use an ID once per page. As it is supposed to be unique.
    10. What is a class? 
        A class is another form of attribute that can be added to an html element that is an identifier.
        However, this identifier doesn't have to be unique and can be used more than once.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        You can add the class attribute to any html element you can add an id too. Div, section, article , etc.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        You can use a class as much as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        If you want to open a link in a new tab you must use the target attribute "_blank".
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        The alt attribute is used to provide the text representation of the image provided.
        In order to provide an alternative for accessability purposes.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        To reference to an ID in CSS you must use the '#' symbol.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A div is a block level element that is used to group together multiple elements. While a section
        is used for semantic purpuses in order to section off content such as articles from footers.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Cascading Style Sheets is used for excatly what the name indicates... styling!
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        If we wanted to select every h2 element on a page we would use the selector h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class can be used multiple times , while an id is unique per document. For example, you could use
        an id for a header that will only be made once like a "top header" since there is only one top of 
        a page. On the other hand, you could use the class identifier for a information on a site that 
        shares the same properties, like maybe you want to highlight all important info with the same color.
        So you could use a class called "important".
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        If we want to select a class in CSS we must use the period. ".(classname)"
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        ">" is a prent child selector which selected all of the children on the left of the selector. 
        It could be useful as you can edit the style of all the children and give them some swag.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div a .sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector that indicates or act on a special state. For example, :hover.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        Line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: capitalize , uppercase, lowercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border-style:dotted;
        border-color:black;
        border-width:1px;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Everytime you make a complete update
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork Project > Clone the Repo to work on Project > Work on Project >Commit>  Push updated Project > Cretae Pull request
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


